Realign pages to link to release assets (#28)
usnistgov/OSCAL-Pages: src/content/tools/_index.md

In order to support data interchange and semantic interoperability in this heterogeneous environment, the OSCAL project publishes some basic software components along with the OSCAL specifications, to help serve as reference points or "scaffolding" for developers and for partners in data exchange.

> See the [OSCAL build resource page](https://github.com/usnistgov/OSCAL/blob/main/build/README.md) in the project repository for more details.

Reviewer: Non-blocking: as discussed during standup, I am more than happy to accept this change and approve the PR as we will plan a "site release" of content from `develop` to `main` accordingly once we are ready for a core OSCAL release.

| [OSCAL Deep Diff](https://github.com/usnistgov/oscal-deep-diff) | A Typescript-based CLI application and library that produces machine readable and human-consumable comparisons of JSON OSCAL artifacts. | open source |
| [OSCAL Java Library](https://github.com/usnistgov/liboscal-java) | A Java-based programming API for reading and writing content conformant to the OSCAL XML, JSON, and YAML based models. | open source |
| [XSLT Tooling](https://github.com/usnistgov/oscal-tools/tree/main/xslt) | A variety of Extensible Stylesheet Language (XSL) Transformations (XSLT), Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), and related utilities for authoring, converting, and publishing OSCAL content in various forms. | open source |

> | [OSCAL Java CLI](https://github.com/usnistgov/oscal-cli) | An OSCAL Java command-line tool able to validate OSCAL content and metaschema for well formatting, to convert such content between the OSCAL XML, JSON and YAML formats, to resolve OSCAL profiles, and to generateXML and JSON schemas from a Metaschema model definition. | open source |

Reviewer: Minor, non-blocking: we now should call the Metaschema modules to be more clear.

```suggestion
| [OSCAL Java CLI](https://github.com/usnistgov/oscal-cli) | An OSCAL Java command-line tool able to validate OSCAL content and metaschema for well formatting, to convert such content between the OSCAL XML, JSON and YAML formats, to resolve OSCAL profiles, and to generateXML and JSON schemas from Metaschema module(s). | open source |
```
